hey guys we're here at the audio booth
CES 2015 and audio pipe is unveiling
their new low frequency mid Marine
allowed speakers so what's unique about
these is they are very similar in a
sense to their car versions now not to
say this couldn't be used in a car but
what makes these unique is that these
speakers are made out of a carbon fiber
cone and yes this is a real carbon fiber
cone this is just not an overlay I don't
know if you can see right there that the
actual light is bleeding through the
carbon fiber there so you can actually
see that it's real carbon fiber this
makes this extremely light very durable
this dust cap is rock solid the benefit
of this too is this will hold up really
well in the Sun the Sun can beat on this
you're not going to break down carbon
fiber this makes the speaker more water
resistant this can be used in a lot of
different applications some of their
customers actually will use these in the
saddlebags of Harley Davidsons and
they'll fire the 8 inch mid bass drivers
into the wheel well
creating bass obviously they're
available in a few different
configurations they have the 8 inch full
size six and a half inch full size full
size and then they have their shallow
slim drivers so 8 inch and 6 and a half
as well
now the grilles are an option they're
available in either white or black so
obviously in boats that's typical most
people usually are running a white or a
black grille they are paintable as well
- and like I said these don't
necessarily have to be just used in a
marine application they can be used in
others they're just designed more robust
to be able to withstand the weather
elements the the direct sunlight etc
also their new three-inch
tweeter which can be surface mounted
with this cup here flush mounted it is a
metal dome titanium tweeter and what's
cool about too is I don't know if you
actually see little channels here but if
you're hosing down your boat or it gets
wet or whatever the case may be this
will help the water run right
instead of settling right in the tweeter
cup itself there that is pretty much
their saltwater series speakers they
also do have a whole new set of
amplifiers which have you following me
right over this way just a foot or two
away you can see we've got three new
amplifiers this is their thousand watt
2-channel
max power now also known as the 2075
which is a two channel 75 by two so 1000
watt max 1300 watt max 4 channel
amplifier RMS is 4 by 90 and then we
have a smaller 4 channel over here which
is 1200 watt max and is a 4 by 80 now
one unique thing about these is the
controls on the amplifier are actually
on the back side we flip this right up
here so you see your game your high pass
low pass your bass boost settings
everything's on the back side which is
kind of nice it keeps you know weather
elements from getting into the
potentiometers and the switches here
plus from an installer standpoint when
you've installed this for a customer
you've set everything up
you said it properly now you've mounted
your amplifier and now your customer
really doesn't have anything to access
to mess with the gains so you know they
can't really fumble with them they're
going to be set the way they are where
you've left them unless they unless
they've actually undid the amplifier and
adjusted them themselves they also have
the remote bass knob capability for your
sub control and like I said this is the
new lineup right at the moment they have
three amplifiers and this is the audio
pipe s saltwater series for more
information visit audio pipes website
Sonic Electronix com I'm Alan CES 2015